hey guys it's Jasmine so I'm going to
come into like a quick little hair Hall
really quick because it's some companies
that I have to review for and a lot of
you guys asked me to do more affordable
hair companies and this I have to
affordable hair companies that i will be
reviewing so i'm going to show you the
hair now before i even touch it or
anything like that and also i want you
guys to leave me um comments as to what
you think i should do it to here i think
i want to do a bob with one set of the
hair and like with red or something and
then I don't know so you guys leave me
suggestions and I will look through them
and see if I like me so the first
company is um Virgo a hair company and
um this is how it came trackage in a
cute little zip bag so that's a nice
presentation aliexpress vendor and they
also have a normal website I think um so
yeah I got four bundles in a closure
from them um this is the closure this is
a 14-inch closure and show you guys it
comes in a low net like this and this is
the hair so so straight out of the pack
it doesn't smell funny or anything it
just smells like here so the individual
bundles come wrapped like this just in a
little plastic and then it has what you
got Peruvian a hundred percent sorta
hair i got from the virgo hair company
was there peruvian so there are two of
the bundles i'm not going to take all of
them out but the hair looks really
pretty it is soft and I don't have any
tangles right now and the hair doesn't
smell funny or anything it just smells
like hair when you first get it if it
hasn't been washed already know corn
chips mall or anything like that so yeah
this is the hair it looks very pretty
and very soft um the ends look good as
well so yeah I have two of the bundles I
think I have a 20 um a 22 18 and 60
maybe and then a 14 inch closer so yeah
I'm really excited to try this here um
the customer service shown this company
was really good
the lady i spoke with so well i think
it's a lady i don't know but she was
very nice and responding to my emails
very well above course she is in I don't
know somewhere overseas so the time
difference so you have to think about
the time difference of where you are so
yeah this is that so again that company
is Virgo human hair and like I said for
my first impressions it looks pretty
good but you never know until you wear
it um it was soft didn't smell bad or
anything like that didn't have any
tangling um so that's Virgo hair company
and I spoke with grace um so yeah I will
leave all of their information on below
if you want to check them out already
before my review so so the next company
is from die here or dy here I'm not sure
um how it's pronounced I think it's die
or and they have like a lot of different
on textures in here to choose from and
they also have silk base closures on the
website which is great but I got a lace
closure so it comes in this little box
like this and i have been speaking with
papi and he was pretty nice and good
with customer service and also replying
back to many moves pretty quickly this
hair was shipped via DHL so in the box
the hair comes wrapped in these little
plastic bag and also i guess they give
like you a little pair of lashes or
something on the order from them so the
closure came in a little bit like this
and i got a 14 inch closure and the
texture here i have from them is there
spiked hair dye hair company or dy hair
company i got their brazilian straight
hair and out of the pack it doesn't have
a word smell which is great so this is
there a lace closure so here is an 18
inch bundle so the westing on these
bundles look pretty good they look
really well actually so yeah these are
two of the bundles i have two other
bundles so i got four bundles and a
closure and this is the hair and this
hair does not smell or anything it just
smells like hair that has not been
washed or two hasn't been washed it to
have a fragrance on it so yeah it smells
pretty good no corn chip smell or
anything and this here is pretty light
and call
so let's very light as you can see
compared to this here while you can't
really see but yeah this hair feels
really good as well this hair is
actually really really soft the ends
look really really good this is from the
18-inch like they're not like dryer
anything so yeah looks really good and
I'm not getting any shedding as of now
from this hair and again this is the D Y
hair dye here so yeah and it's very
bouncy and flowy even though it is the
Brazilian straight it does have like a
slight wave to which I'll so again that
was dye hair or dy hair absolutely loves
it here so far based on first
impressions I will recommend both
companies um the Virgo hair company
which I showed first and also died here
which I just showed I feel like they
look good right now but that's first
impressions alone so I will be doing a
more in-depth reviews of these hair
coming up in the future um die here also
have really great customer service I was
speaking with papi he was really nice
and sweet and got everything handled for
me so great on the customer service for
both companies so yeah that's about it I
just wanted to show you guys like a
little unboxing video first I really i
rarely do these wait here I think I did
one other my yes so I have some more
here to show you guys but I want
students are more affordable ones in one
video and then I said other one has all
their information for both companies
down below for you guys to check them
out and also to read more views on the
company's so yeah guys see you guys
later stay tuned for my next video don't
forget to rate comment and subscribe bye